So you've seen a lot of material so
far in the course, and the best way for
you to solidify these concepts in
your mind is to get hands-on and
try some code for yourself.
As Andrew mentioned,
at the start of this week,
my colleague Chris Fragley led the
development of the labs for this course.
Each week features a lab exercise that
lets you try out the key concepts from
the videos.
Chris is going to help you get started
by showing you the lab environment.
Then he'll walk you through the activity
that you'll complete this week.
Hey, Chris.
>> Hey, thanks, Mike.
And now let's take a look at
the lab environments in lab 1.
Before actually getting into the lab,
let me explain the system,
the environment that we're going to be
using here, which is called Vocareum.
And so here we will actually
launch your own AWS account
that will give you access
to Amazon SageMaker, and
therefore you can run these
notebooks without any cost to you.
So some things to note when you get
into the Vocareum lab environment,
you want to click Start Lab,
that's the very first thing.
You'll see that up here in the upper left,
you'll see the AWS goes from
red to yellow to green.
So green is good, green means we can
click on this and then get into the lab.
So just a couple of quick things here.
You will have 2 hours
to complete each lab,
you don't need to click any sort
of end lab when you're done,
you just close the browser and then move
on to the next lab or video as you wish.
And there are some instructions here, but
I'm going to actually walk
through this with you right now.
So what we want to do is
click on the AWS that will
actually launch into the AWS console.
Now, if you are already logged into an AWS
console, you will need to click logout,
and then click back here once again
on that same green AWS button.
I'm going to zoom in a little bit here,
the fastest way to really get to
Sage Maker is to type it into here,
into the search fields and
then click on SageMaker.
What we're trying to do is
get to the SageMaker studio,
which is a Jupyter based IDE that we'll
be doing all of our notebooks in today.
Click on the Open Studio over there, so
real quick, I clicked on Studio here,
then I clicked on Open Studio here.
All of this has been pre-provisioned for
you, so you don't have to do anything.
That'll get you right into
the Jupyter notebook, let me zoom in.
Dark mode is enabled by default,
you can switch off of dark mode
onto light mode if you wish.
You can click Theme and
then switch to JupyterLab Light mode by
default it's the SageMaker UI Dark mode
that is a form of black here that we see.
Now the first step is
to click Open Launcher,
we actually want to go to the System
terminal because the first
thing that we want to do is to
copy the labs from our S3 bucket.
So object storage that's in the cloud,
this is a public bucket
that contains all of the notebooks and
all of the images and
all of the data sets that are needed for
this particular lab.
So now that I'm in the terminal,
I'm actually going to go
back to my instructions.
So we've done all of this, Step 1, click
Studio, Step 2, click the Open Studio.
There is another way to get into Studio,
sometimes learners do stumble upon this.
If you do see this screen somehow,
if you're poking around,
just know that you can click on Launch and
you would click on Studio, and
that'll open up Studio Notebooks
in the same manner.
And then from that point,
all of these instructions are the same,
clicking Open Launcher,
clicking System terminal.
Now this is the code that I need to copy,
make sure that you get everything up
to that last slash right there, okay?
I'm going to go back into JupyterLab and
I'm just going to paste this right here,
okay?
Next step will be to
click on the folder and
we should see the notebook
that was downloaded.
So because I'm zoomed in so far here,
I have to scroll this over here,
and this is the first lab.
Now, so like I said, all of the compute
has been provisioned for us,
we should just be able to
start running these labs.
Now, if you're not familiar with Jupyter
notebooks, just know that you can do
either Shift+Enter to get,
from notebook to, from cell to cell.
Or if you are feeling
maybe you're in a hurry,
you could do Restart Kernel and
Run All Cells.
And that will actually run all of
the cells with just one click.
For these labs, I would encourage you
to run step by step, so do Shift+Enter,
Shift+Enter, Shift+Enter.
So this is all just markdown right here
saying what this lab is going to do.